# RSCBot: match

The `match` cog is primarily responsible for the creation and maintenance of league schedules and matchups between teams. The `match` cog allows users with the correct permissions to add scheduled matches, and update the match day. It allow allows for players to get information regarding their schedule.

## Installation

The `match` cog depends on the `teamManager` cog. Install `teamManager` before installing `match`.

```
<p>cog install RSCBot match
<p>load match
```

## Usage

- `<p>setMatchDay <day>`
  - Sets the active match day to the specified day. This match day is used when accessing the info in the `<p>match` command.
- `<p>getMatchDay`
  - Gets the currently active match day.
- `<p>printScheduleData`
  - Print all raw schedule data.
  - Note: In the real server, this will likely fail just due to the amount of data. Intended for use in debugging on test servers. Basically, when there are only a handful of matches total.
  - May be disabled in the future.
- `<p>clearSchedule`
  - Clear all scheduled matches.
- `<p>match [args]`
  - Gets information about one or more matches
    - Match Day
    - Match Date
    - Home Team, roster
    - Away Team, roster
    - Additional information
  - If no arguments are provided, the invoker's team will be found from their franchise and tier roles. If a team cannot be found, the command will fail.
  - Arugment options: (order matters)
    - First Parameter: Match Day
    - Additional Parameter: [team names] (teams with mutliple words must have quotation marks around them)
  - Examples:
    - `<p>match`
    - `<p>match 1 derechos "killer bees"`
    - `<p>match 3 derechos "killer bees"`
    - `<p>match 5 Spartans derechos "killer bees"`
- `<p>addMatch <match_day> <match_date> <home> <away> [args]`
  - Adds a single match to the schedule
  - Arguments:
    - `match_day` -- the match_day to add the match to
    - `match_date` -- the date the match should be played
    - `home` -- the home team (must match the role name)
    - `away` -- the away team (must match the role name)
    - `roomName` -- (optional) the name for the RL match lobby, Autogenerated if not provided.
    - `roomPass` -- (optional) the password for the match lobby. Autogenerated if not provided.
    - Note: Any "extra" arguments are ignored.
  - Examples:
- `<p>addMatches [matches]`
  - Adds multiple matches to the schedule.
  - Match format: `"['<matchDay>','<matchDate>','<home>','<away>','<roomName>','<roomPassword>']"`
  - Each match added must be separated with a space.
  - Examples:
    - `<p>addMatches "['1','September 10, 2018','Fire Ants','Leopards','octane','worst car']"`
    - `<p>addMatches "['1','September 10, 2018','Fire Ants','Leopards']" "['2','September 13, 2018','Leopards','Fire Ants']"`
